So heres the project opened in Microsoft Visual Studio code which is Microsoft's Web development I-T
which I can strongly recommend for future US development and attached to this video you find at PBF.
With my configuration and all the some alternatives.
And this is what next created us or what create next gave us a folder a project with a lot of folders
and files so let's walk through that quickly and let's see what leads to this screen here.
Now I will give details about all these folders later in this course.
Assets essentially is for storing images and so on which will be then handled through web Pech the build
tool behind the scenes so that the images are optimized a bit and so on.
Component's is where you create ordinary components to use your app layouts as some Masroor layouts
which you can use as frames and I will dive deeper into that whole layouts components and how they relate
thing middleware is which is some middleware you can add to run whenever a user wizard to a certain
page will also have a look at this later when we talk about authentication pages is the heart of this
folder and it will come back to it in a second.
Plug ins is important to add some shared functionality in your next app and this will become clearer
later also and that's ignored for now.
Static can be used to store some static assets which unlike the things you store in assets should not
be handled by well-packed so should not be optimized by.
And so on store can be used to add a view x.
Stuart your next project also something we'll have a look at in a separate module and then some conflict
falls regarding debt and so on but also most important about next.
Now we will revisit this fall in detail later in this fall we see which kind of nextstep we're getting.
We have this strange thing which will become important for rendering appropriate meta tags on each page
and we can set up a couple of other things.
Again we'll dive into this detail later.
Now is that that sentence a lot but we have old course right.
So let's instead focus on what we see on the screen here.
And the important folder for this is the pages folder.
One important thing I can already say you too is that as I said on an earlier slide next is all about
configuring the project through folders and files.
You have one conflict file that you mostly set everything up by naming your folders and files correctly
so the folder names your all are set.
You can't change them.
And there's one rule next simply follows files in Paychex have to be new components single file components.
As of this year for the index that you file and will then be interpreted as routes as you are.
Else you can visit if you have indexed a view here.
This simply means if you just enter localhost slash nothing this page this component will be rendered
to the screen behind the scenes.
This uses your router but it sets everything up with your router for you.
And we'll dive much deeper into this in the next course module already.
But here this is essentially what we see on the screen a single file view component with a template
where we render some HMO code and where we even use some Ivory's you component which we can include
here.
Again more on this later.
And then some styling and therefore if we go here and remove this defeater and simply say hello I am
first.
You next app and we save that and you still have that process running.
It will automatically watch these changes and pre-rendered your page even Hawtry load the page so that
if you go back to localhost 3000 you just see that.
And this is one Clor take away this page for one is rendered on this node server that's running.
We don't see that but that is happening and that is something we can confirm if we reload this app or
simply.
And then we inspect the source code.
We can see that we see in the source code what we see on the page Hello I'm a first you accept it's
part of the source code and if you inspect the normal views single page application which you create
without next and you have a look at the source code you won't just see some hook here like a root def
where you will then render everything in the client.
Now here it's already coming like this from the server.
So this is the first important take away.
This is really pre-rendered on the server.
The second important takeaway is that we configure everything from folders and files like the routing.
We simply add files to pages we can add a number route.
Users dot view and simply add a template in there where we say this is the user's page nothing else
don't even add a script sections onto this file.
And now with the additional Justice File we can go back and simply enter slash users behind localhost
3000 and you should see this page or reload once if you don't see it immediately does then simply related
to the configuration not updating immediately on the def sir but this is deep principle by which it
works every file here in pages is interpreted as a route.
Nerves a bit more to it and you can also add dynamic route parameters but that's something we'll dive
in in the next module.
This however is how next works easier.
View development by using folders files and server side pre-rendered the.